## "The Lean Startup"
<p> <i>How to successfully build a failing a start up ?</i>
</br> Ans: When fledgling founder attempting to build a start up before reading this book ?

<p> Well failing start ups are not common , most of the time, it is necessary to teach valuable lessons. But with 9/10 start ups failing,  so much lessons learned. What those failed entrepreneurs doing now ? The answer lies in , can they build what was planned ? Can they launch ?  Can they make their start up get noticed at least by a single user ?

The author claims that  how to build a start up can be taught, and it is not from genes.
also  what is a decent failure ? , how to fail ? multiple times and most important how to proceed from there.

<p> I've been building ( ok, trying to build ) from 2017. Mostly part time, now serious about my efforts. I was told about LEAN methodology by my mentor since then. Bought this book, 2years back and started reading now. I want to share my past failures without this book. And my current path influenced by this book.


The book is split into 3 interesting sections,

VISION</br>
STEER</br>
ACCELERATE</br>

### VISION
#### <i>Start</i>
This section defines what is startup ? and what is innovation (In my openion it is one of the best definition) ?
- Discusses about fundamentals of start up , how definitions of VISION, STRATEGY and PRODUCT means in start up world.
- Diff between enterpreneship and management


## Notes

To buy the book ["THE LEAN STARTUP"](https://www.amazon.com/Lean-Startup-Entrepreneurs-Continuous-Innovation/dp/B07W14CDB3/ref=sr_1_4?crid=192ZQCORL5SO&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.2vNx4lC4iInMtKG1uUQFqQhAacbOYHAD-IcUxZiYSZRFxw6dqgHliFT3fIom995EbijiVRR-f3V37SMFZLTs46nRhKH2iR7JE_KJVZPRX-i0zvyfj3RsSUUGrE7iBp9cqBPCmtiCxTEKp8AVLedP-l6j71rgxqXcU51forQD1tN28dy23jrgTdU57Qbyr7cvgdLNNwv8ktLO0AMzJU-l_MbDXCsNMiegfEGZtyiF5fE.C2ehXev2KelucvuppFaVCP2dOKYzwHr5NMGZYs7jvWI&dib_tag=se&keywords=the+lean+startup&qid=1726848606&sprefix=the+lean+startup%2Caps%2C158&sr=8-4) by Eric Windmill
